Format for the display configuration

Relationship between display objects

Sequences contain a set of pages to display under certain circumstances
Pages contain a set of rendered canvases and are the direct interface with the physical display
Rendered canvases are canvases that have been formatted (perhaps animated) for display
A canvas contains a set of widgets that have been drawn into it
A widget is a foundational element that describes a type of content to be displayed


Canvas
A display space that widgets can be composed in to
Contains an array of widgets
	name - Name of the canvas. Used to refer to the canvas when placing within a renderer
	size - (w.h) size of the canvas in pixels
	displaylist -- Set of widgets to include on the canvas
		name - name of the widget
		location - (x,y) where to place widget
		size -- (w,h) bounding size of widget


Widgets
An element to place on a canvas.
Static except when needing to be refreshed when any underlying variable gets changed.
	name -- Name of the widget.  Used to refer to the widget when including it in a canvas
	location -- (x,y) Upper left of where to place widget.  Relative to the containing object
	size -- (w,h) bounding size of display object
	justification - how to place widget on the screen (relative to itself and its bounding size). (left, right, center)
	type -- type of display object to render
		Choice from...

		Text
			format -- format string to structure text content
			variables -- array of variable names to combine with format string
		Image
			file -- name of file to retrieve
			crop -- (x,y,w,h) Subsection of the image to display
		Progress bar
			style -- type of progress bar to render (rounded, square)
			size - (w,h) how tall and wide the bar should be
			variable -- the variable that contains the progress value
			range -- (x,y) the top and bottom possible values for the variable
		line
			start -- (x,y) Where to start the line draw
			end -- (x,y) Where to end the line draw
			width -- How wide to draw the line
		rectangle
			location -- (x,y) Upper left of the rectangle
			size -- (w,h) size of the rectangle
			width -- How wide to draw the lines that make up the rectangle

* Animated widgets will only be updated if they are part of a canvas that is currently being rendered

Renderers
Render the canvas for display.  Creates animation effects.
	name - name of renderer
	canvas - name of canvas
	type -- type of render.  Choice of...
	Static.  Most basic renderer.  Shows the image contained on the canvas.
		location - (x,y).  Place within the canvas to send to the display
		appears - How the canvas initially gets drawn (fromleft,fromright,fromtop,frombottom,instant)
	Scroll.  Scrolls the canvas in the direction chosen
		Direction -- Left, Right, Up, Down
		Hesitation -- Should scroll hesitate periodically.  Choices are [no, start, loop].
	Popup.  Displays the top of the canvas and then periodically scrolls up to display the bottom of the canvas for a short time.
		Frequency -- How many seconds between pop ups
		Duration -- How many seconds to stay popped up

Page
A set of rendered canvases
	name - name of the page
	displaylist - list of rendered canvases
		name - name of renderer
		(x,y) - location to place rendered canvas on page
		(w,h) - size of the canvas to place.  If 0, unrestricted.

Sequence
Determine the order to display a set of pages

Name - Name of sequence
Conditional -- When should this sequence be active
Cool down -- Length of time this sequence should be inactive after being active
Priority -- An integer that is used to deconflict between two active sequences.  Lower numbers are higher priority (like DNS MX records).  Suggest using 0-10 for alerts, 100-200 for normal pages.
Pages -- A list of renders.  For each item...
	name -- The name of the renderer
	Duration -- How long to display the page
	Conditional -- Should this page get displayed

Only one sequence can be displayed at a time.  If two sequences are active, the one with higher priority will get displayed.  If two have the same priority, the one that is higher in the config file will take priority.
*** Need to consider this.  A model window might be an interesting ability but would require two sequences to be active at the same time (or have the modal window override the one underneith).



Conditionals express a boolean that is used to make display decisions. Each contains
	eval -- a string that contains the boolean expression to evaluate.  Can contain variable names.
